SPLASH (what is it?)
	Media: packed animated gif of individual against city/street backdrop
	Title: Building relationships to close the social service information gap
	Subtitle: Accurate, always-updated information connecting the homeless with social services

BACKGROUND (what is it? who is it for?)
	Media: bars showing number of phones in RI compared to theoretical total (CSS?)
	OR
	Media: animated svg showing "messages" being sent between provider and client

	TextUp combines a web app and an automated texting hotline to increase transparency and improve access to social services for the homeless and near-homeless. We will reduce the uncertainty surrounding the basic needs of shelter, food and health for our poorest neighbors so that they can start to think about pathways to financial and emotional stability. With at least 50,000 social service clients with text-enabled cell phones in Rhode Island alone, TextUp allows social service agencies to reimagine the possibilities inherent in provider-client relationships.

	Source: FCC Form 555 Data

SELL (who is it for?)
	Media: static icons (4)

	(1) Start a conversation.
		Dynamic, two-way communication between staff members using our web app and clients using our text-messaging. 

	(2) Set the record straight. 
		Easily update information about when your service is open, where you are located, and what amenities you are offering directly through our web app. For unforseen events, send out an alert to all of your subscribers. 

	(3) Protect your privacy.
		Communicate using a unique TextUp phone number to enjoy all of the flexibility of texting without needing to use your personal phone number.

	(4) Discover usage patterns.
		Visualize interactions with all of your clients based on time, content or location to understand how your service is being used. 

ANIMATED TEXTING PREVIEW (how does it work?)
	Media: packed animated gif of search process

	Title: Intelligent texts
	By aggregating information on a consolidated platform, TextUp enables providers (e.g., shelters and meal sites) to report and adjust service availabilities and send text alerts with important information. TextUp allows client to access this data in real time for informed decision-making.

PROMOTIONAL VIDEO (how does it work?)

TEAM (why should I trust this?)
	Media: image (image map?) of entire team + individual pictures of each team member

	Team
	We are a diverse team of computer scientists, community organizers, social scientists, public health coordinators, and designers. We believe in using technology to improve access to social services for the homeless and near-homeless in Rhode Island. 

	Information needed: Name, Role, School or current job, haiku
	Rules for haiku: 
		Only three lines, totaling 17 syllables throughout
		The first line must be only 5 syllables
		The second line must be comprised of 7 syllables
		The third line must be 5 syllables like the first
		Punctuation and capitalization rules are up to the poet, and need not follow rigid rules used in structuring sentences
		Haiku does not have to rhyme, in fact many times it does not rhyme at all
		Some haiku can include the repetition of words or sounds

	Eric Bai, Technology Lead, Brown 2015.5 Computational Biology
		hold your head up high 
		no need for what is excess
		both, we are enough

	Hanna Oh

	Julia Harvey

	Jana Foxe

	Christian Petroske

	Isabelle Yisak

SUPPORT (why should I trust this?)
	Media: supporter photo 

	Sample Testimonial
		Alan Flam
		Rhode Island Coalition for the Homeless Board Member
		Swearer Center Director of Advising and Community Collaborations

		How to communicate to these people is a challenge...what you have created is an extremely innovative way, one of the best ways to communicate with these people.

	Testimonials

		Alan Harlam 

		Alan Flam 

		Jean Johnson 

		Irene Glasser

IN THE NEWS

	Swearer Center at Brown University -- 

PARTNERS (why should I trust this?)
	Media: logo

	Brown University

	RISD

	Swearer Center

	House of Hope CDC


CALL TO ACTION (what should I do next?)
	Join our network
		Get in touch if your organization would like to be a part of our pilot rolllout. 

	Newsletter
		Keep in touch with all of our milestones and findings.

FOOTER (what should I do next?)
	Left
		(c) TextUp 2014. 

	Right
		Github link or icon
		Email link or icon